libreoffice: add page (#4489)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/libreoffice.md

# libreoffice

> > Use the powerful and free office suite, LibreOffice, from the command line.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> CLI for LibreOffice, a free office suite.
```

Author: The wording doesn't matter too much to me. I think Powerful a good descriptor for LibreOffice so I've reworded it with it included.

Reviewer: Generally in tldr pages we try to avoid subjective terms such as `powerful`, or `easy-to-use` in the descriptions.

> More information: <https://www.libreoffice.org/>.

> - Open the given files in viewer mode (read-only):

Reviewer 2: I think `read-only` has a well know meaning. And we define here the condition of `space-separated list of files` doesn't need to be mention in the following examples.
```suggestion
- Open a space-separated list of files in read-only mode:
```

`libreoffice --view {{file1}} {{file2}} {{file3}}`

> - Dump text contents of the following files to console:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display the content of specific files:
```

> `libreoffice --cat {{file1}} {{file2}} {{file3}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`libreoffice --cat {{path/to/file1}} {{path/to/file2}}`
```

Author: The reason I did this format was because I saw it in the page for `tar`. Maybe mention this in the style guide?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we applied that format in `tar` to avoid long examples. But I think is ok here. wdyt?

> - Print the given files to a given printer:

Reviewer 2: Based on the `lpr` page I can suggest:
```suggestion
- Print files to a specific printer:
```

> `libreoffice --pt {{printer_name}} {{file1}} {{file2}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`libreoffice --pt {{printer_name}} {{path/to/file1}} {{path/to/file2}}`
```

- Convert all .doc files in current directory to pdf:

> `libreoffice --convert-to {{pdf}} {{*.doc}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`libreoffice --convert-to {{pdf}} {{*.doc}}`
```
